Fix: Prices transform cross-row operations broken by per-batch execution (#2037)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/toolkit/changelog.md

  - Improved deployment UI to consolidate hub mode selection into a single radio button group with four mutually exclusive options: None (storage only for Power BI reports), Azure Data Explorer, Microsoft Fabric, or Remote Hub ([#1929](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/issues/1929)).
  - Remote Hub configuration (storage URI, storage key, and purge protection) is now displayed in the Basics tab when Remote Hub mode is selected, making the mutual exclusivity clear.
  - Data Explorer SKU and retention settings are now only visible when Azure Data Explorer mode is selected.
- **Fixed**

>   - Fixed prices transform function producing incorrect results when price sheet data is split across multiple ingestion batches by moving cross-row operations (commitment discount eligibility) from the ingestion-time update policy to the query-time Hub view functions ([#1625](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/issues/1625)).

Reviewer: nit: This is a bit verbose. 
```suggestion
  - Fixed price data ingestion bugs when price sheet data is split across multiple files ([#1625](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/issues/1625)).
    - Commitment discount prices are now consistently set correctly using a full price sheet lookup.
    - Commitment discount eligibility columns moved to the Prices* Hub functions rather than hard-coded in the `Prices_final_v*` tables.
```
